# Meeting with Amer Jneid
	- In order for an epic to inherit the proper ranking the epic will need to have the GR ticket as a parent
	  Many of the teams are using INI parents. These are the same flavor. There can only be 1 parent so it is or the INI what will not have priority or the GR with the proper priority ranking.
	- To have all the child's from an INI moved to a GR we have to raise a JCS ticket. How to raise it? See the red banner in Jira and click on "How to raise a JCS ticket"
	- The JCS team will then transfer all the child epics from the INI to the GR.
-
- # Meeting Finance Team
	- ## Initiatve structure
		- ### Discussed
			- Provide us the structure of initiative and sub initiative blocks and you will get it at the next priority list
		- ### Next steps
			- Charlotte Hollen will work together with the product teams to get the structure
			- GPB will create the navigator tickets for the provided structure.
			- GPB will properly prioritize them
			- Weekly meeting to be setup to discuss new requests that might touch Finance as well as re-prioritization of requests
			- Setup proper tracking in Navigator for requests that might touch Finance so that we can pull them for our weekly calls.
				- Guidelines from Finance needed.
-
- # Meeting Subscriptions EA team with product
	- ## Discussed required priorities
		- Renewals Engine should get a high priority
		- Hybrid anuities on going
		- Vendor Unite
		- Target architecture.
			- We should start working on it
			- Approval Ashwathy needed
		- Support process
			- Who is the owner
		- Financial issues
			- Post Enigma issues
			- VIBBE discussion
-
- # Meeting Finance Renewals Engine
	- ## Discussed
		- ### Renewal Engine
			- Renewal business in TS Black hole
			- Get rid of stock unit
			- Move to Global Product Master
				- MDG separating from Product
				- 17 new attributes to be added like :
					- Duration
					- renewal capabilities.
					- licensing nr
					- unit per license
					- Auto renewable or not?
						- PSS with VBM will maintain it
			- PY engine
				- values for MDG
				- Auto create groups.
			- MDG contains local attributes or products
			- Global product master will set global attributes
			- 3 Areas
				- attr. managt
					- rules, exceptions,
				- VMF algorithm modernization
				- Xvantage Rules Engine - (XRE)
					- Rules to capture for instance: failed order
						- only 7 engineers can manage it
						- needs to be simplified so that every business user can create them
				- Catalog health management will help to make sure that skus are properly configured
				-
		- ### Finance
			- Accurate reliable data
			- FaaST
				- MX, SG, Juli - Sept 2026
				- US,CA,MI, SE, NL, FR > Feb 2027
		- ### HPE
			- They have a full quoting and ordering system outside Xvantage with no API capabilities for us to import whatever quotes get created by our associates.
			- If MPD's or large deals are there, what they are, this is a financial risk from a compliance perspective
			- Process + easy way for our associates to extract the quotes and import them in our system, push them to CRM for opportunity follow up and activate the [[Deal Analyzer]] approval flow.
				- Phase 1: manual process
					- Download quote
					- Register in CRM
				- Phase X: Download quotes
					- VCAF
					- CRM app automated
					- DA tab automatically filled out
				- automatically start approval flow
		- ## Next steps
			- Keep in touch as this was an information sharing session
			- [[Alexey Efremov]] & Pradip :
				- TODO Connect and align on:
					- Interim solution.
					- MVP final solution.
					- Phases uptil as fully as possible automated.
-