-
- # Meeting Proofpoint Annuities Finance requirements
	- ## Contract creation
		- ### [[Project/Proofpoint Annuities]] [[Proofpoint]]
			- In cases where contract start and end dates are not known at the moment of ordering and provisioning completion, we should
				- Example:
					- purchase order is placed via EDI on Jan 22
					- we get acknowledgement, but not accurate dates
					- 2 days later, on Jan 24, we get first invoice, which indicates that subscription was activated on Jan 23rd
					- in that case we should create contract with Finance Engine on Jan 24th relying on accurate contract data
			- Other alternatives like opening inaccurate contract and adjusting later on are potential compliance problem, and need to be discussed with compliance team and Hazel/Kristina/David K team
				- Likely there are limits like doing correction not later than month close; these reqs need to be explored
				- [[Madhavi Dabak]] can you please help setting up this follow-up ?
		- ### Next steps
			- Decide on the approach to go forward.
			- Design doc review [https://imonline.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DigitalT/pages/4372529682/Financial+Contract+Management+…](https://imonline.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DigitalT/pages/4372529682/Financial+Contract+Management+for+Annuity+Programs)
	-
	- # Meeting moving Sophos Spain to CMP
		- ## Discussed
			- When Sophos solution will rollout invoicing will happen in CMP?
			- Finance approval is needed
			- Activate in XVS 3.0 with SAP PS1
			- Migration needs to happen first
				- This will be the most time consuming
				- Support needed from Sophos
		- ## Decisions made
			- It was agreed that the only path forward is to onboard Sophos into XVS, independently of whether PS1 is roll put or not.
			- Current subscriptions will need to be migrated, therefore vendor support will be required.
		- ## Action items
			- [[Esti Garcia De Salasar]]
				- TODO to speak with Jaime to request Finance’s green light to move forward.
				- TODO to investigate internally the current Sophos reseller experience.
			- [[Tim Attwood]]
				- TODO Check whether the Sophos MSP sku is available in the US CMP
				- TODO to confirm with Aji whether it is feasible to start UAT in Spain to gain time.
				-
-
- # Weekly release call with Aji
	- ## Finance
		- ### Discussed
			- Finance no tickets shared yet.
	- ## Adobe recommendation API
		- ### Discussed
			- Aji will prepare the prerequisites
			- Only NA QA is functional
			- Proposal: only test with US and/or Canada?
			- Normal UAT countries are: UK, DE, US, AU, CA, IN
		- ### Next steps
			- [[Aji Rajendrababu]]
				- TODO Have prerequisites for UAT prepared
				- TODO Setup demo meeting
			- [[Ad Slager]]
				- TODO Send email to countries for approval that functionality will only be tested in US
				  DEADLINE: <2026-01-22 Thu 23:00>
					- 20260129 > Will send a reminder. No answer yet
			- Once the environment is setup, the demo is given and the approval is received from the countries we can start UAT
-
-
-
-