# Meeting [[Project/XVantage in a Box/Nordics]]
	- ## Discussed
		- **Technical update:**
			- TCS onboarding is ongoing and access is getting provisioned.
			- Epics created for Devops to start their initial setup so the script can be ran.
			- X4A assessment and estimates are getting worked by Shweta Sawant from X4A team - Pending updates.
		- **Business updates:**
			- Danielle and Mike Leafe from GPB has been involved in Nordics discussions. They are helping on finalizing items related to Vanilla version along with Carlota.
			- As per the current plan in Q1 even though Vanila version will be available but it won’t be ready for customer movement until localizations are done which need to be prioritized with different bundle teams in Q2.
			- GPB and Carlota meeting with Nordics business on 02/26/2026 for the remaining Gap analysis which are in Pending review status.
			- New questions came around having different instance for NO and SE, both in X4C, Impulse and XVS from LSOR perspective.
	- ## Next Actions
		- items from today’s meeting between :
			- Dibyajit , Carlota, Daniele, Michael Leafe and Tim Huygen:
				- The key question that needs to be clarified --> Is the plan to separate SE and NO as two different entities (from an LSOR perspective)? If so, should this happen now as part of XiB, or later aligned with FaaST?
					- This decision will drive how we design the architecture and set up the instances. This decision will also define the timeline for the Nordics go live.
			- **Next steps:**
				- TODO Verify the FaaST target end-state with Charlotta (Finance), especially regarding LSOR and the potential SE/NO split. ?
				  DEADLINE: <2026-03-06 Fri>
				- WAITING Carlota > Follow up the email with Kris Mees to understand short-term plans
				  DEADLINE: <2026-03-06 Fri>
				- Prepare a short pros & cons view of separating SE/NO **NOW **vs **LATER**, including implications, impact and effort per phase. --> Todos