# Meeting [[Ernie Hannaford (Acronis)]]
	- ## Discussed
		- CA
			- Invoicing is in CAD for traditional
			- For CMP the majority is billed in CAD except for the following resellers :
				- | **Service Provider (Child)** | **Service Provider AAN** | **Currency** |
				  | CanadaQATReseller | 15749023 | USD |
				  | Querytel | 03155739 | USD |
				  | SPEEDFI INC (TA-3786-1616-1430) | 23903467 | USD |
				  | STR Micro AS-5280-9969-5652 | 15764409 | USD |
				  | TERRA DYGITAL SOLUTIONS INC. (TA-9841-3632-5134) | 24377897 | USD |
				- If they have to be moved to CAD we will have to check with the Acronis Partner Account Manager whether this requires a contract change.
					- WAITING [[Ernie Hannaford (Acronis)]] for the name of PAM.
					  DEADLINE: <2026-03-05 Thu>
					-
		- Next countries :
			- DE in March
			- UK- 108
			- MX-104
			- BV-97
			- FR-84
			- CA-78
			- IN-75
			  AUS & NZ- 75
			- Request is to try to do IN after DE because of issues with the processing of Acronis in IN today. **No longer needed** India can just go as initially intended. [[Ernie Hannaford (Acronis)]] confirmed on March 12th that it is no longer needed to pull it forward.
			- Acronis manages the integration with Connect themselves.
	- ## Next steps
		- DONE [#A] Discuss with [[Olga Nevtrinos (Acronis)]] ?
		  DEADLINE: <2026-03-05 Thu>
		  id:: 69a18449-249d-4d90-ad67-3657098b764c
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2026-03-03 Tue 16:09:20]--[2026-03-19 Thu 13:43:07] =>  381:33:47
		  :END:
			- Contact person for the integration build by Acronis
				- [[Olga Nevtrinos (Acronis)]] will provide the name of the product manager.
			- List of subscriptions for India as the next country after DE.
				- Olga will provide the list for India.
	-
- # [[Project/XVantage in a Box/Nordics]]
	- Nordics country requirements platform perspective :
		- [20260226-Nordics-XiB-GapList.xlsx](https://ingrammicro-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/p/tim_huygen/IQBypSMPDDFuRK-i9YXOXDfHAQGrf8zVPolvsragzaCB8rM?e=wlTELB)
	- What will be delivered for X4A (Shweta Sawant)
		- Scope for X4A Rollout
			- Cloud  & Hybrid quoting system (Quote to order flow)
			- GDS (Global Discount System) GPS (Global Pricing System) integration
			- Everest EU engine integration
			- Quote to order flow to new X4A & X4C
			- Customized quote template
			- New order from X4A
			- Quote price modification for Cloud & hybrid quotes
			- Quote collaboration for cloud & hybrid quotes (in IST/UAT)
-
- # Meeting [[Project/PSS/AP Data extraction]]
	- Agenda :
		- Discuss AP data extraction tickets
	- Attendees :
		- Mark Eseo (Created the BRD's)
		- Christy Mesel
	- ## Discussed
		- AP document extraction projects
			- finance vendor debits extraction project
				- extracting data from vendor invoices via VCAF
					- make the data on invoices consumable in an easier way
				- vendors already on VCAF
					- Dell
					- Honeywell
				- Vendors to extend it to check BRD's in tickets
					- GXVF-002090 - APAC ?
						- Manual to VCAF
					- GXVF-002091 - US & CA
						- Omniextract
							- External tools to extract customer information
							- Move it to VCAF.
					- GXVF-002092 - Europe
						- Datamatics
							- External tools to extract customer information
							- Move it to VCAF.
				-
	- ## Next Steps
		- Review the BRD
		- Discuss the topic with Irina
			- Epics already exist ? ETA.
		- Move the tickets to Cam as they are vendor related
	- ## Action items
		- [[Tim Huygen]]
			- DONE  [#A] discuss with product and provide feedback to Christy
				- {{renderer :todomaster}}
					- DONE Review the BRD
					- DONE Discuss the topic with Irina
						- Epics already exist ? ETA.
					- DONE Move the tickets to Cam as they are vendor related