# Meeting [[Project/XVS 3.0 with SAP PS1/Spot rate with threshold]]
	- Agenda :
		- Align on business, finance and treasury requirements.
	- Attendees :
		- Alfonso, Namrata, Sony Sunny, Kamini, Alistair, Robert Lee, ...
		- A2
	- ## Discussed
		- Canada and Global > no price fluctuation every day
		- Spot + threshold
			- 1) anchor the rate on the date of the quote > threshold per quote but different rates per quote <> both ways
			- 2) No quote > price in overall system should stay for a certain period of time
				- Their intent is to not have a this option for quotes for subscriptions. Try to make sure they also accept it for subscription quotes !
			- Buffer on rate will help to protect ourselves > preferred by treasury
		- Product requested a unified solution and is asking for the same mechanism for TS. **Alfonso** was clear that spot rate + buffer + threshold is not acceptable for TS.
		- **Proposal** : Like for the credit terms, for cloud we separate and go for a rate + buffer and a threshold. The price won't change as long as we are within the threshold.
	- ## Next Steps
		- Treasury, CFO's and Kris Mees to come together once more to decide on the requirements.
			- Less of an issue for EMEA but again bigger for APAC > need for a global solution.
			- They have to decide on whether they will allow a split between subscriptions and TS.
				- Two fx conversion mechanisms. One for Cloud spot rate + buffer + threshold and one for TS spot rate that will be changed on every day upto even multiple times a day.
		- Define final decision in the coming days.
		- Product (Sony Sunny and Namrata) will do an estimation based on spot rate with buffer and threshold as well up as down.
	- ## Action items
		- P1
			- A1
			- A2
		- P2
			- A1
			- A2