- [[Tim Huygen]]
	- TODO Get a proposal from [[Evgeny Trikhin]] for a weekly update call ?
	  DEADLINE: <2026-02-13 Fri>
	- TODO
-
- # Meeting Consolidated Invoicing Alignment
	- Agenda :
		- 1
		- 2
	- Attendees :
		- A1
		- A2
	- ## Discussed
		- Consolidated invoice
			- various tickets
			- FaaST has it on their roadmap from a rules and regulation perspective
		- Dima
			- Feedback different requests
		- One Ingram approach
			- TS only daily consolidation but only for hardware now
	- ## Next Steps
		- Someone has to own the invoicing options from a one Ingram perspective (TS and Subscriptions)
		-
	- ## Action items
		- [[Charlotta Hollen]], [[Namrata Agarwal]]
			- WAITING decide on which team will look at it from a holistic view perspective.
				- FaaST will bring Hardware and none Cloud subscriptions into SAP PS1. Proper rule handling needed as what will be allowed for TS & non cloud subscriptions is different from what Cloud invoicing flexibility should allow. TS & non cloud less restricted because of impact on working capital.
-
- # Meeting Cisco PSTN Invoicing UAT Demo
	- Agenda :
		- Handover IST to GPB and Business
		- 2
	- Attendees :
		- A1
		- A2
	- ## Discussed
		- Steps IST took
			- Took an invoice from Cisco
				- Products, prices and taxes frm Cisco to us
				- Configuration issues in NA QA
					- Billtrust issues
					- Margin issues
				- Upload in Connect
					- Generates a uses file with all the necessary info for XVS to be able to bill it.
				- XVS shows all the information from the Connect
					- Verified all in charge attributes table to make sure information is correctly picked up.
					- Send to Tibco to add tax required information
						- structure Files checked
					- Returned information goes to SAP PS1 and export engine for RDE
					- Invoices are generated and compared with information in Billtrust
					- RDE information checked in line with Invoice.
		- GPB Deployment team was not included in the invite.
			- Forwarded invite to Samia > organize UAT.
		- Made an important configuration note
			- VBM to make sure no markup configured on these sku's
			- Sales to make sure that sku's are not included in any discount scheme
		- How are margins getting applied on these skus and how is this solution using it. It should take the margins from the XVS product catalog as well as take into account the discount schemes eventhough these sku's should not be part of any.
		- ((697bb581-b4bd-4bdd-b8e8-4c0dcac0774a))
			-
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Samia Reynosa]] start the UAT process
		- S2
	- ## Action items
		- DONE  [#A] look for the XVF ticket > Status Delivery > add links to demos, Jira XDSB-14500, Confluence, ..
		  DEADLINE: <2026-02-04 Wed 18:00>
		- [[Samia Reynosa]]
			- DONE Start the UAT process
			-
- # Meeting [[Project/Renewals Engine]]
	- Agenda :
		- Daily follow up : discuss attributes and catalog creation status
	- Attendees :
		- [[Mikhail Lantsman]], [[Andreas Finke]], [[Alexey Efremov]]
	- ## Discussed
		- [[Mikhail Lantsman]] is part of the team working on XCM (Xvantage Catalog Management)
		- We don't have proper catalog
			- Biggest failure > product only sold when we have a sku.
			- We run against the Impulse limits of 18 million sku's
			- Only create a sku when we have create a transaction for a product
		- Future :
			- No proper Catalog management people > needs to be changed
			- Cover if attributes are not available to be able to create a sku
			- More complex include :
				- Legaratory and compliance
				- one time or renewable
				- Rules engine is needed to be able to proper define how a product has to behave
				- PSS people that understand the structure of a vendor <> collaboration with VBM's
				- What to know about a product
					- Type
					- How sold
					- Product configurable
						- dynamic property addition
				- To many products show up in search
					- Better managed with correct attributes and classification correctly assigned
				- We need real VBM's with a proper understanding of a vendor > not the case today
					- Global vendor expert team in the PSS team to increase the vendor related knowledge within Ingram.
			- Clean the garbage from a product perspective.
				- Share best practice and copy the practice
				- Analyze different rules in country
					- Optimize it and copy it globally
			-
			- Feedback from [[HPE]] US about their process. OCA tool for configuring CTO- plus Greenlake products.
				- Reseller requests a quote from Ingram via Mail or phone (We assume the reseller 
				  did nothing and gave us a simple list of parts which they need) (CTO 
				  only but more than 80% of the business)
					- IM Associate is going into OCA to start configuring the product
					- IM Associate now goes into HPE Partner Lightning (Dealregs prozess) to register the deal with Deal protection only
					- IM Associate goes to IQ tool from HPE to recieve special pricing for the 
					  products within the Configuration ID recieved from OCA and the Deal reg 
					  number from Partner Lightning tool
					- IM Associate goes into DQM to plug in the OCA Number (UCID) plus the Deal 
					  Registration Number (Partner lightning) plus the Deal ID (IQ tool). This
					  will now allow IM Associate to create a proper quote with proper 
					  reseller margin and pricing, and then forward the quote via HPE inbox 
					  client directly into GDE. From there, it will be rerouted to IM360, and 
					  then our associates will use that tool to create the Quote in our 
					  system. The attachment (Quote opportunity created by HPE system (Excel) 
					  is downloaded, and our associates are now dragging the Excel file into 
					  their respective Zendesk ticket to send it to the customer. (GDE doing 
					  no margin calculations or supervision only parsing it into the correct 
					  fields)
				- Order processing occurs in most cases through the CTO App in X4A. Resellers rarely accept HPE deals within X4C.
				- No information is beeing retained about the serial number/service tag and 
				  their respective start and end date of their services is stored within 
				  our systems. Only serial numbers will be stored within Impulse through a
				  data feed from HPE.
				- For any kind of renewal opportunity, our journey right now would start with a renewal quote request.
	- ## Next Steps
		- Tomorrow go more in depth and discuss the attributes that are needed.
	- ## Action items
		- None for today