-
-
- # Meeting [[Project/Vendor Onbarding/Connectwise]]
	- Attendees : [[Justin Koch]], [[James Jahnke]], [[Tim Attwood]]
	- ## Discussed
		- Connectwise was not ready
			- They seem to be ready now
			- API Documentation needs to be provided by Connectwise
				- Was bad
				- What is the status update on that now.
				- We have no access to the document provided.
			- Need them to provide the answers to Tim A' questions.
			- Is as complexity comparable to Avepoint.
			- We should create the connector according to Tim A.
			- They have login and order create in their API for what we can see for the moment
				- We need subscription details via API.
				- Change and update subscription API.
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Justin Koch]] Get the answers to the open questions and then we will setup a regular meeting cadence again.
		-
-
- # Meeting [[Project/XVantage in a Box/Nordics]]
	- ## Discussed
		- Recommendations on how to organize
		- Imonline + CMP for now
			- Recommended future state X4C/X4A/X4C Unite
				- ETA direct shipment only C10 countries !
				- Fees like bebat, copyrights ... covered ?
		- Multi Currency is a requirement
		- Norway is a small team (11 people)
		-
	- ## Next Steps
		- Finance and operations to decide on what is the required approach
		-
	- ## Action items
		- TODO Nordics onboarding :
			- {{renderer :todomaster}}
				- TODO Get the business opp for the region and the respective countries.
				- TODO Talk to finance about the preferred setup
				- TODO Talk to operations to get their advise
				- TODO Check with Evgeny Thrikhin what  the multi currency solution Sweden is.
-
- # Meeting daily [[Project/Renewals Engine]]
	- Agenda :
		- Focus on HPE quoting process2
	- Attendees :
		- Andy, Alexey
	- ## Discussed
		- Where do we keep the documentation on attributes in XVS.
			- Check with Evgeny Trikhin
		- Continuation on [[Project/Renewals Engine/HPE]], [[HPE]]
			- Reseller request quote via email/phone
			- IM associate > OCA > configure product
			- IM associate > HPE Partner Lightning > register deal reg.
			- IM associate > go to IQ tool from HPE > receive special pricing
			- IM associate > go into DQM > provide OCA number + Deal ID > create the quote
				- Add IM margin in DQM
			- Upload in GDE > parsing quote > IM360
			- Quote to Reseller
			- Quote created in CPQ. We extract it from there.
			- **Important note** : margin management should not be done in DQM. They configure the quote in DQM > upload it in our system > GPE/GDE should apply the margin as they are configured in our system > then into IM360 > quote to reseller.
	- ## Next Steps
		-
	- ## Action items
		- None
-
- # Meeting design review [[Project/Microsoft Extended Service Terms]]
	- Agenda :
		- Review design Microsoft Extended Service Terms (EST)
	- ## Discussed
		- Ticket : [XDSB-14503](https://imonline.atlassian.net/browse/XDSB-14503)
			- Link to design overview : https://imonline.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/XVSRD/pages/4735926323/LLD+PLM+XDSB-14503+MS+NCE+-+Extended+Service+Term
		- Order placement > what happens subscrtiption expires
			- Change order to Microsft > switch to Extended Terms
			-
		- PPR > new flag added > define switch to Extended Service Terms resource
			- Bi-directional
			- PLM validates PPR
		- Link base plan with period EST plan
		- Upgrade plans > base plan to EST and vice a versa
			- Downgrade to any plan
			- We do validations
		- Validations of the PPR > consistent and in line with rules
		- Do not cancel subscription
		- Functional requirements
			- Catalog configuration via PPR
			- Subscription configuration via API
				- Switch plans bi directional
			- Operational requirements
				- Nothing to highlight
			- Proposed solution
				- Subscription toggling
					- Provisioning contract remains the same
						- Switch or Cancel
						- Takes into account auto renew
						-
				-
		-
	- ## Next Steps
		- How will this be considered from a finance perspective ?
			- Revenue recognition for EST
				- Should we still recognize the new full period TCC/TCV until it gets cancelled ?
				- What with extra charges (EST charges until renewal or cancellation)
			- Once in EST and renews/cancels
				- How the EST charges will be billed and show up on invoice
		- What with cancellation window of 7 days, will EST extend it ?
			- Will it only start when renewal has been initiated ? Or will it still be 7 days as of initial start date of the new subscription period ?
			- No downgrade possible anymore when they renew after 7 days ?
		- After a discussion with [[Sourish Deb]], this is how [[Project/Microsoft Extended Service Terms]] will work.
			- After a purchase and once the subscription is provisioned with auto renew on, whenever the partner wants to put the auto renew off they get the following options :
				- Cancel the subscription at renewal
					- No extra charges. Services will stop immediately at renewal date. Data will still be accesible by the admin for 90 days.
				- Go into extended service terms until they decide what to do once renewal has passed.
					- The partner will be charged at the price of the Mnth/Mnth with an extra uplift of 3%. This will be cancellable whenever they want. That is why there is an extra 3% charge compared to Mnth/Mnth.
						- If they decide during the EST to renew. The subscription will have a new start date as of the renewal date. And the portion of the remaining EST amount will be refunded prorated.
						- If they decide during the EST to cancel. The services stop and the remaining amount of the EST will be refunded.
			-
	- ## Action items
		- [[Tim Huygen]]
			- TODO [#A] send email to [[Wendy Palmer]] , [[Wenny Solorio]], [[Charlotta Hollen]], [[Aaron Guerrero]] explaining Microsoft Extended Service Terms + ETA.
			  DEADLINE: <2026-02-13 Fri 18:00>
			- A2
		- P2
			- A1
			- A2