-
- [[Tim Huygen]]
	- DONE [#A] send email to Jesse with all the steps I had to do for the invoice per end customer
		- We need proper environment with proper data prepared for the testing countries.
		  DEADLINE: <2026-02-11 Wed 20:00>
		-
-
- # Meeting [[Project/Finance/e-Invoicing/SAP DRC/France]]
	- Agenda :
		-
		- 2
	- Attendees :
		- Olivier Vo Thanh (CFO), Anne Sophie Dhelin (Finance project manager), Sajal Kumar (Engineering lead), Craig Parsons, Jessica Neveu, Jamie Sumi
		- Didn't attend Sony Sunny, Krishnamurthy Kotha
	- ## Discussed
		- Cloud with LSOR > SAP PS1
			- Impulse to SAP PS1 > FaaST
			- Are we immediately covered for Cloud business too ? We should.
			- What about Formscape ?
		- Complex for the billing as of sept 2026
			- Invoicing + e-reporting requirements
			- Vendors and resellers are waiting for answers from Ingram.
			- SAP PS1 + SAP DRC for France even though Impulse country. (FaaST)
			- [[Craig Parsons]] We have to be live on August 1st !
			-
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Sony Sunny]] to assign a product manager > [[Aditi Singh]]
		-
	- ## Action items
	-
-
- # Meeting weekly [[Teodore Sotirov]]
	- Agenda :
		- Weekly review of Teo topics
	- ## Discussed
		- PSTN UAT today or tomorrow > release 28/02 > XDSB-14500
		- ((697bb580-62fd-42a9-838f-1912c91ff39d))
		-
		- XVS finance team at XVS side > Taras will lead the team at R&D site/Engineering
		- Sony Sunny & Namrata is XVS SAP PS1 side of the Finance
		- Branch 30 (XDSB-35853) works on XVS side > to be tested on the X4C side
			- Teo is trying to get an account to be able to test it on the X4C side.
			- Showed a demo on UX1
				- Account with as account currency USD
				- showed a product that has a price of 7.74 CAD is showing in the basket as 5.7 USD.
				- Adobe is a USD vendor and it is shown on the USD account in USD
		- XDSB-43510 - TIBCO limitation is 1000 lines per invoice. Export engine will split the invoice lines to Tibco and SAP will still make one big invoice.
			- Backlog
			-
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Teodore Sotirov]]
			- WAITING Demo the process to the CA account creation team for the creation of USD reseller accounts in XVS !
			  DEADLINE: <2026-02-28 Sat>
		-
	- ## Action items
		- P1
			- A1
			- A2
		- P2
			- A1
			- A2