# Meeting [[Project/XVS 3.0 with SAP PS1/Spot rate with threshold]]
	- ## Discussed
		- The following decision is proposed and waiting for Finance and Sales approval.
			- Held rate will be based on the rate of the day the held rate gets calculated.
				- Held rate is daily rate + country set buffer
					- re-calculation of held rate will only happen when the threshold up or down gets passed.
				- Country set threshold will be checked on a daily bases. Against what, the daily rate of the start date of the held rate, or the held rate compared to the actual daily rate ?
					- There will be two thresholds one for going up and one for going down.
					- Once threshold is passed a recalculation of the held rate will happen.
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Kamini Janardan]]
			- Get the requirements added to the Jira ticket
		- Architects
			- Design how the solution has to work and where the held rate, buffer and threshold will be managed and stored
		- [[Namrata Agarwal]]
			- Get the solution developed so that we can go live with CA.
			-
- # Meeting [[Project/Finance/e-Invoicing/SAP DRC/France]]
	- Agenda :
		- Prioritization is done > Next steps.
	- Attendees :
		- French Team, Product team
	- ## Discussed
		- Aditi has 2 questions
			- invoices platform
				- do we have to provide the XML format file from the 'French Portal' in the Invoices X4C > answer is no need as it will be stored on the government portal where the French partners will download it.
		- Today > Impulse > Formscape > partner
			- Future > Impulse > SAP DRC > French Portal
				- Will we send the invoice immediately to SAP DRC or as it is now in a daily batch ?
				- We need the solution design and have it reviewed by the Architecture team.
			- We also have to make sure we are covering the AP side of the business on how to capture vendor invoices (local and from outside of France)
	- ## Next Steps
		- [[Sajal Kumar]]
			- to talk to the SAP team and get the design to be reviewed by our Architecture team
			- Setup a meeting with the SAP and French team
	- ## Action items
		- See 'Next Steps'