# Meeting [[Project/Renewals Engine]]
	- ## Risks
		- Attribute management is key and needs the proper attention
		- Requirements & priorities
			- Multiple teams from different domains will be needed > Proper prioritzation
			- How agile will the current XVR team be to look with a fresh lens to the new solution
				- The actual solution not scalable
				- Only worked for US.
		- Development capacity constraints
		- Delivery risks
			- Teams needed step in to late > lack of quality
			- Half baked solutions
	- ## Next steps
		- Knowledge sharing by the current team
		- Get a project manager assigned from [[Aquil Alassdi]]
		- DONE Talk to [[Aquil Alassdi]] to get a project manager
		  DEADLINE: <2026-02-06 Fri 17:00>
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2026-01-22 Thu 18:20:27]--[2026-01-22 Thu 18:20:29] =>  00:00:02
		  :END:
			- Owner[[Maksim Lokutov]] &[[Alexey Efremov]]
			- [[Aquil Alassdi]] waiting for prioritization
- # Meeting [[Change management]]
	- ## How will we work together
		- Who does what ?
			- [[Change management Team]] will :
				- Review the functionality that wil be delivered
				- Assess the impact for the different personas(Associates, support, Resellers, ...)
				- Create the necessary content and training material from a process change perspective
				- Collaborate with the Capabilities-, Deployment-, Platform Success- and Platform Solutions team
			- [[Deployment Team]] will :
				- Coördinate the UAT
				- Collaborate with the [[Change management Team]] to get the proper collaterals delivered
				- Hand over to the [[Platform Success Team]] once Sign off is given
			- [[Platform Success Team]] will :
				- DONE Setup a meeting with[[Doug Anderson]] Understand the delivery and how they will deliver it to the[[Country Teams]]
				  DEADLINE: <2026-01-23 Fri 17:00>
				  :LOGBOOK:
				  CLOCK: [2026-01-20 Tue 20:51:22]--[2026-01-20 Tue 20:51:25] =>  00:00:03
				  :END:
			- [[Sheri Brown]] Is working on XVS Xvantage. The XVS 3.0 + SAP PS1 is for another colleague
				- DONE Ask who is the person that from the change management team covers SAP PS1.
				  DEADLINE: <2026-02-06 Fri 16:00>
					- [[Andrea Dowling]] Change mamagement Finance Domain
			- DONE Check the[[E2E Feature Delivery process]] for the documentation responsibilities
				- Who creates the collaterals for an awareness, that the change management is not creating.
	- ## Review tickets
		- All tickets assigned to[[Sheri Brown]] and myself
		- Understand the impact on existing processes
-
- # Meeting discuss the concept of [[Deal Analyzer]]
	- ## What is [[Deal Analyzer]]
		- Deal Analyzer is a tool that captures non cancellable[[Multi Period Deals]]. Today this only happens for quotes via CRM. In the future it should capture everything from quotes, orders, ... In CRM there is a tab added that needs to be manually filled out when they want to register [[Multi Period Deals]]. Once the tab is completed it will be captured by [[Deal Analyzer]] and starts the approval workflow
			- Based on certain thresholds different levels of approval are needed.
				- Certain deals auto approve
				- Other deals need to be reviewed by credit, legal and even up to our Global CFO.
			- Every deal gets a Deal Analyzer ID for future references like yearly renewals for a certain approved contract.
	- ## Rolled out and future roll outs
		- US > Done
		- MX
		- UK, IT, ES, FR &(DE)
	- ## Next phase
		- No more orders in the US via Impulse. All the orders need to be placed via X4A.
			- Deal Analyzer will capture the MPD.
		- For the EMEA countries :
			- TODO (UK, IT, ES & FR) Find out whether :
				- They use CRM for Quotes(For sure for MPD's) ?
				- X4A used for placing software orders by associates ?
			- TODO Talk to the German Software team about :
				- Do they use X4A for placing manual software orders ?
				- How do they register [[Multi Period Deals]] ?
					- CRM > Cisco, HPE, Nutanix and Zebra ?
					- LMC > All other software vendors ? Except for IBM and the ones that go into CRM ?
					- IBM tool > IBM
	- ## Other topics discussed
		- Statement Kris Mees on roll outs XVS3.0 with SAP PS1 for EMEA : No roll out before all the FIN issues for the US are resolved.
		- Butterfly initiative : The finance FIT Team has someone assigned to the different domains we have in the platform. They will on regular bases meet with the domain owners in Capabilities to make sure that all the new features that will be rolled out are in line with the finance requirements.
- # Meeting [[Project/XVS 3.0 with SAP PS1/Spot rate with threshold]]
	- ## Attendees :
		- [[Brad Banga]]
		- [[Kamini Janardan]]
		- [[Giri Sabarigirivasan]]
	- ## Discussed
		- CFO's have to proposed to go for a spotrate with a threshold. As long as the threshold is not passed the spot rate will remain the same.
			- Feedback from [[Brad Banga]] is that we should also add a buffer rate(Premium fee) to protect ourselves within the range of the threshold.
			  id:: 697bb581-4758-42fa-b3dd-fc19a7fcdfb1
	- ## Next steps
		- [[Brad Banga]]
			- DONE [[Brad Banga]] to talk to[[Xavi Vallverdu]] on to discuss :
			  id:: 697bb581-dd80-4053-9367-09862a7fbe6f
				- Solution only for Subscriptions or also for TS business ?
					- Note [[Giri Sabarigirivasan]] We should try to stick to one fx rate mechanism for Hybrid quotes.
				- Align on the requirements from [[Treasury]] and the Global CFO's
				- The threshold and buffer need to be controlled via [[Treasury]]
		- Once the requirements are agreed on we will ask the product and engineering team to estimate the work and provide us an ETA for delivery.
		- Provide a proper priority ranking.
-
-
-